# October 1st, 2023

Around 3:09 PM:

I was again thinking about what it would mean to dedicate "123" days to sailing in a year. Unfortunately, I'm even less convinced now. While I could probably put out a full month of sailing, it simply wouldn't add up to the 123 days. I've got more than a few other thoughts on this, but they relate more to the 123 days concept and the purpose of it so I'll save that for a separate section so that it ties all of the other proposals together.

My third thought was to do something work related. This could be upskilling or a side business, but it would have to be focused on what I currently do for a living. The primary problem I see with this is that upskilling outside of work is primarily only beneficial if I intend to leave the company. At a minimum, it will take years to get a promotion to a senior engineering manager position and I'm not confident focusing on perfecting certain managerial skills will get me there as much as time on the job and caring about solving big problems will. In other words, I would only focus on upskilling in my job if I was on the cusp of becoming a professional manager e.g. director, VP, etc.

The second section around something work related is the evergreen idea of a startup. Part of me gets demoralised whenever I think about it due to the sacrifices required and almost guaranteed likelihood of failure. Not to mention that I genuinely do not care about solving most problems for money alone (which is something I'll also talk about when I address the 123 days concept more broadly).

The last idea is to become a better writer. There's a billion dollar question which goes something like this: "If you were given one billion dollars at this very instant, what would you do?". This is one of my favourite questions to ask people because it gives me a good amount of insight into who people really are. When asked, most people don't have a clear answer, but is usually something like, "I'll buy a huge house, splurge on something I've always wanted, and help out a select group of family members and friends." My response usually goes something like, "Okay, you've bought a £50 million property, purchased a £1 million Ferrari, and spent another million on friends and family. You still have close to £950 million left." At this point, they don't know answer, but some people do tend to talk it through with me which makes for intriguing conversation.

The reason I mention this question is because I can easily answer this for myself. The answer is that I would try and become a writer. Throughout my childhood, I've always been enamoured by great authors and their novels. As reserved, or rather, thoughtful, as I can be, I really do care about formulating thoughts and telling stories to others. In fact, I'd go as far as saying it's something I yearn to do. I don't care about fame, but I do care about spreading my voice into the world. 

The tricky part of this situation is that I truly do not know how to write. You'll see my lack of writing abilities in this diary entry. Where does punctuation go at the end of quotations? How do you classify different grammatical parts of a sentence? When is it okay to break the rules? All I know is from reading good books and trying to mimic what I've read through osmosis, that's it.

The other difficult part of this situation is that I find the risk difficult to swallow.

Around 10:08 PM:  

Aside: if I want to accomplish anything I'll have to get up early. I believe the body is required an hour of de-stress every day and if you get stuck in some sort of addictive loop in that hour then you're night is shot. The key is to wake up and do. No distractions. Roll out of bed and get started.

Regarding the risk of writing, I find its risk close to that of a start up. The similarities are almost uncanny: almost zero chance of success for most people, it's an enormous commitment, and people react similarly ("Oh, you're doing _that_? Tell me more!"). The only thing I struggle with about regarding the risk of writing vs a start up is that the experience of a start up can sometimes be hugely beneficial to your career even if you fail whereas I wouldn't say that's true for writing, at least in the generic sense, and this is why if I choose writing as my focus, then I'd aim to ensure there is some benefit even if I lose.

The next problem of writing is deciding on what kind. Blogs? Short stories? Poetry? Novels? What subgenre? The choices are many. My interests in writing are varied, but my primary focus is would be novels as that's what I personally enjoy reading the most. Also, poetry is dead nowadays. Modern poetry seems to be filled with nothing but postmodern gibberish. Blogs are interesting, and there's always Substack, but most of blogging is SEO-based garbage and not to mention discoverability is atrocious. I'd stick with a journal no matter what, even if that means it's a personal blog.

The next problem is the dawn of AI. If the goal is to get something sold then I would be competing against unnaturally fierce competition, against people who arm themselves to produce horrid manuscripts for the sake of money rather than art.

The last issue with writing is deciding how I've achieved what I set out to do. Good writing is a difficult thing to quantitatively measure, so I'd need to have a bar for what "good" is. I need to think on this. No matter what, it must adhere to S.M.A.R.T. (SMART from here on out).

Tomorrow I'll address the actual requirements for the project. Hopefully breaking it down will lead me to an answer.

In other news, poor Rosalind is not doing too well. She's be constantly having runny poos; I've lost count of the number of nappies we've changed today, but I know it's over ten. It doesn't help that she has a rash which causes her to cry out in pain every time she's wiped. Poor girl :( Luckily, Frances hasn't caught it (yet).