# October 7th, 2023

Around 3:47 PM:

I slept for ten hours last night. I also woke up with an unusual headache behind my eyes just before 7:00 AM. I took some ibuprofen and went back to sleep before getting up at 9:45 AM. Realising it might be due to caffeine withdrawal, I made some coffee and lo and behold it went away. The impact of caffeine on the body is truly incredible if I'm struggling with 36 hours of withdrawal.

Needless to say, we didn't make it to Maldon today, but we did end up having a picnic and going to the park. Rosalind has been crying quite a lot lately and the expedition from the house to Peaberries and then the park resulted in a very clingy girl who wanted to hold on to her momma. I'm hoping it's just a phase because the crying is tough on everyone and it isn't always the easiest thing to resolve.

I'm going to spend some more time on the Curriculum tonight. 

Ah! And how could I forget! We are officially pregnant! It's such wonderful news. Every time I'm at a big family event, I'm reminded of how I look forward to similar things in my older age. I don't think Hilary and Sally's Christmases or birthdays or Stansgate holidays would be the same without so many children. The same goes for my parents and grandparents, you can tell when someone is missing because the volume and excitement is turned down a notch. 

I often think about our future house when I think of having more children. Above anything else, a house that is cosy and welcoming are by far the most important features when it comes to the house itself. There is nothing more magical than a well-decorated and glowing house at Christmastime or the table set for six during a Sunday lunch. One of the few things I want in life are beautiful, well-behaved and successful children who think fondly of their childhood.

Caroline and I have all but confirmed that we will be sending our kids to a Catholic state school which makes picking out our next home a little easier. With private school being unaffordable for four kids, we see a Catholic school as the only serious alternative to a normal childhood instead of one ingrained with suicidal propaganda. 

I'm strongly considering giving up the boat. I think Caroline would make better use of the money by getting her pilot's license over me stressing out about survival not using it. As much as I thought my children could grow up using it, the costs of maintenance are hard to swallow at the moment. The cost is a huge factor and we will have to pay more into the new year. When we are in the middle of saving for our next house, it's hard to justify owning the boat when it's not in use. If we lived in a sunnier place, I would not think twice about keeping the boat, but the cold weather and water of sunny England make each trip costlier in terms of psychological stress and enjoyment. Besides, I'm going to be giving my all to the Curriculum.