# October 8th, 2023

Around 10:22 PM:

My body is shattered. 

I still haven't fully recovered from my illness and I spent too much energy today: pumpkin patch in the midday sun (23C in October!), cooking for hours, and then playing with the girls. I was so close to not writing tonight, but I want to give it my all. It'd be much easier if I could write in bed, but I don't have a bed "tray" and I'm afraid of starting bad habits.

Caroline has been distant, grumpy, and not her usual self this week. I know we've all been sick this week and she's had to deal with Rosalind's newfound screaming sessions, but I'm also concerned it's because of the baby. She made a comment that she might have felt differently if it was "a month later" and yesterday's announcement of the baby held almost no excitement, just a sense of dread. I didn't appreciate her comment later in the day about us "just now finding a routine" because we've had the same routine even before and when Rosalind was born: nursery, coffee shop, work, dinner, bed. Overall, I'm very disappointed and it's leaked into other conversations such as whether or not we keep the boat.

In other, happier news, we went to the pumpkin patch today with the Girls and it was a delight. It felt out of season to find an Autumn pumpkin in shorts, sandals, and a wide-brimmed straw hat, but we at least took advantage of the weather and picked a beautiful array of pumpkins and squashes. The girls were running every which way with the pumpkins and as usual loved being outdoors (I'm almost convinced I'm going to push Caroline for us to buy a house with land). We came out with six pumpkins, half of them large and half of them small, and the same number of a variety of squashes. The varieties of colour could make a display in Country Living's October edition. The girls capped it off a pumpkin-decorated biscuit while Caroline and I had a russet Apple—my first!

I spent a good amount of time yesterday working on the Curriculum. I've come to the part where deciding what works and how long to contribute to each one is taking up most of my time. I'm also noticing that the works are falling into two categories: true classics and "things I want to read". By true classics I mean those works which are held as defining books and poems which have unequivocally contributed to the Western canon such as The Aeneid, Shakespeare, etc. By "things I want to read" I mean things which may or may not have contributed to the Western canon, but are more likely to be in line with what I want to write. It's unlikely that I will pen a Hamlet, but a Dracula? That's more in line with my thinking.