# October 9th, 2023

I'm in my office on Crouch Road,
Listening to Mulgore ambiance and music,
And it's around 10:39 PM:

You may have noticed that I added more background information to my journal today. Someone on Hacker News mentioned that they add this information plus a "trigger" memory to bring them back to the point in time. I've ditched the memory because I don't think it's useful, but I'm a strong believer in music having a big influence on or be a representation of one's state of mind. I also think adding the location is a nice piece of information to have.

Caroline and I are both in better spirits today. It seems like everyone is feeling generally better and I imagine our moods are lifted because of it. I'm glad to be operating at 100% capacity at work.

I read through the first chapter of *A Student's Introduction to English Grammar* today and so far I'm really enjoying it. After going through training for sailing, I've come to notice how the concept of learning is basically the same no matter the subject and it's changed my approach to learning entirely. For starters, it pays to read through something as a first pass to get yourself accustomed to the jargon of the subject; and grammar's complexity is akin to sailing with an assortment of words like "morphology", "constituents", and "preterite". I've also become a big believer in consistency no matter the length of time spent. Ingraining ideas requires familiarity and a constant working with and the only way to achieve that is by spending some time everyday on the subject.

I have always been mystified by grammar, so the thought of pushing through the veil makes me eager for more. I consider this piece of work crucial to the success of the Curriculum, otherwise I'll end up attempting to "write by taste". While writing by taste is certainly what others have done in the past, I'm not convinced it's the easiest way to become a great author. Like grammar, I've always been in awe at the complexity and rhythm of poets such as Tennyson and Wordsworth and in order to understand the technical foundations of their writing I believe I must know how they are able to achieve such things from a grammatical point of view. Obviously diction, sentence arrangement, the subject, etc. have an enormous impact on the quality of a poem, but grammar does matter and it will only help me get to a point where I'm not concerned with making simple errors and I can free myself to write in style or "break the rules", so to speak.

Also, I'll add that I read some submissions on Reddit and it was somewhat comforting in my abilities to discern between what was good and bad and explain why. More people in this world should read the Greats if they want to make something others want to read—sorry, Brandon Sanderson is not a Great.