# October 9th, 2023

I'm in my office on Crouch Road,
Listening to Suramar ambiance and music,
And it's around 10:57 PM:

I don't know if it's because I'm still not entirely over being sick or what, but I am tired. I need to start moving my bedtime backwards or doing the most important things during the first hours of the day. I may start changing my sleeping schedule next week.

I finished the first chapter of *A Student's Introduction to English Grammar* in its entirety: reading, putting definitions in an Anki deck, and completing the end of chapter problems worth doing. I don't have much else to say today on content itself, but I do want to talk about motivation.

Today I noticed a lack of motivation in wanting to continue through the Curriculum (I do consider *A Student's Introduction to English Grammar* necessary to its overall success) in the night time. The lack of motivation could have been because we had a tough time with the girls tonight; so tough in fact, that I told Caroline to go upstairs and leave them to me and hour before their bath time. Whatever the problem, the lack of motivation was there. A lack of spirit is where discipline and the "need" makes itself known and truly valuable. 

I had a conversation with Caroline tonight about the incessant war-in-your-face age we find ourselves living in. You'd almost think it's the end-times with Israel invading Gaza in the backdrop of Russia likely to conquer Ukraine in the end (I don't think the West has it in them to perpetually support Ukraine). The news isn't pretty and it's almost impossible to avoid if you are only fishing for very specific pieces of information completely unrelated to a land war, gender war, or political war. In any case, the news has certainly been a drag on my motivation tonight. Luckily, I was able to catch myself. 

I felt this feeling of familiarity when it came to thinking about the war ending. I had felt it with the onslaught of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. I recall a conversation with Caroline where I suggested we move north to Whitby, a surprisingly remote area for the country in terms of targets to hit, to escape nuclear catastrophe should one have happened of diplomacy going horribly wrong. And tonight, I'm reminded of Ecclesiastes' "There is nothing new under the sun". You see, war is constant. War is inevitable and the general absence of it during the 20th century is a fluke worth noting which means it's something I need to get used to and not use as a crutch for fighting my way through the world.

I can see why some have been "writing that book for 15 years" or "will get to writing it one day": it's hard work, and becoming a good writer even more so. I can tell you one thing though, I will not be that person who gives up. 

In writing this journal, I have decided that I'll participate in NaNoWriMo as a way to gauge my writing's improvement before I embark on the Curriculum. This might mean that I don't actually start the Curriculum in the New Year as I consider finishing *A Student's Introduction to English Grammar* a must before embarking on the official journey.