# October 11th, 2023

I'm in my office on Crouch Road,
Listening to Sparkle by Tatsuro Yamashita,
And it's around 11:05 PM:

We're heading to London tomorrow. Belen and her father, Fabian, are visiting and neither of them have met the Girls yet and Fabian hasn't even met Caroline. I'm looking forward to it, but it will also include a mix of Belen's past friends, so I'm curious how it will all fit together personality wise.

I spent a good amount of time on *A Student's Introduction to English Grammar* today and boy has it been tough going. I'm currently working through the second chapter which serves as a general overview of the further fourteen chapters in the book. The problem I'm finding is that although this is book doesn't require any up front of knowledge of grammar, some of the definitions of rather important terms are seriously lacking (such as the extremely poor definition of what "dependents" are) or altogether non-existent in the text itself (but conveniently available in an online supplement). I'm not letting that hold me back, though. I'm writing out my own definitions and I'm even doing my own research into the definitions which I have an inkling could be defined more clearly. Overall, I still find the book extremely valuable. Already, I can tell when I write that or analyse something I've written that I can see various grammatical structures appearing even if I'm not the most confident.

One thing which sticks out to me still is the usage of punctuation. I'm finding out that punctuation is a somewhat different area of written language in comparison with the grammar I'm learning as a part of *A Student's Introduction to English Grammar*, which seems concern itself with linguistics, or speaking. I need to add to my list a style guide on punctuation.

I've been thinking more about NaNoWriMo and I'm having second thoughts. For starters, it would likely delay my grammar studies for a whole month. Additionally, I'm not prepared to write a story I would be proud of. I don't like the idea of churning out a heap of trash for the sake of it when I don't struggle to get words on a page in the first place, at least when it comes to journals. Lastly, I do need to come up with a sensible Curriculum I can stick with. I somewhat fixated on the idea of starting the Curriculum as soon as possible and any delays, studying grammar is not a delay, is nothing but poor training.

I found out today that Deliveroo is announcing a Return to Office (RTO) policy in the first quarter of 2023. My contract will need to be changed to be fully remote as I'm not willing to travel over three hours a day to sit next to colleagues when I could be doing the same thing in the comforts of my own home.