# October 17th

I'm in my office on Crouch Road,
Listening to Boralus music and ambiance,
And it's around 9:56 PM:

I'm not feeling on top form tonight and I can only hope that I don't get sick. I've been watching old videos on YouTube of nothing because I haven't the energy to do anything else. One video was of particular note: an interview of Enoch Powell in America and one Jonathan Miller.

Enoch Powell's articulation was beyond reproach and his points about large segments of the population being culturally segregated from the indigenous population is sadly true. I haven't read or listened to the infamous "Rivers of Blood" speech, but based on what he said on this talk show it is hard for me to believe that it is racist in the slightest. The parallels between today's media and yesterday's spin is, strangely enough, the same.

This evening's interactions with the girls were much more enjoyable. We got onto them as soon as they did anything naughty which I believe helped them to understand that things are not okay, rather than being scolded after doing something the tenth time.

I'm aching to write something of substance. While the grammar book is certainly interesting, I know there is a long way to go until I start putting pen to paper, and I've certainly got the itch. I would have finished the long, second chapter of the grammar book had I not been sick today. Although the confusing structure and lack of content in the book is disappointing, I have found a method for tackling the rest of it: read the chapter, take notes through Anki, actually review the notes, read the problem statements and make sure that the notes taken through Anki are what the authors intended me to learn for that chapter, and, finally, do the actual problems. I'm making the assumption that the problems represent the essence of what the authors wanted a reader to learn, so its necessary to review the problem statements before doing the problems themselves to make sure I reviewed the right concepts; the number of bolded words in each chapter so far is frustrating!

The Curriculum is still incomplete. It deserves some time. One thing I need to consider is how best to review each written work. The reviews themselves should serve as ways to practice writing. Speaking of writing exercises, I'm considering rewriting Biblical stories in my own voice. The Biblical stories are perfect: the plots are epic, but the stories have so much to fill in. I was reading how T.H. White essentially copied Malory, so perhaps I am in good company at least when it comes to practice. 

I wish I could do nothing but ready and write full-time for two years.