# October 18th

I'm in my office on Crouch Road,
Listening to Erik Satie's Gymnopedies,
And it's around 9:57 PM:

In the midst of frustration with so much to taken in with "A Student's Introduction to English Grammar", I emailed Professor Geoffrey K. Pullum, one of the authors of the book, and asked for an answer key. I expected the answer to be "no", but truth-be-told I didn't actually expect an answer to begin with. Professor Pullum responded kindly with a "no", however, offered something even more valuable: his time. He offered to explain any questions I had and even pointed out that he was currently writing a "softer" introduction to grammar which would be released sometime in the near future. I've yet to respond, and I'll admit that I'm somewhat nervous to; after all, I didn't think he actually would! I still don't expect much from Professor Pullum, as professors tend to be extremely busy, so I'll make sure to reach out only when I truly need it. I've also been reading through a fascinating blog he maintains with another professor called languagelog.com. The blog itself is an old Wordpress throwback to just before 2010 and the content is endless—a gold mine ready to dig through. 

I need to actually start reviewing the notes I've taken for "A Student's Introduction to English Grammar". Part of my frustration stems from not being able to recall so much information in an instant. Being someone who went in really only knowing what a noun, verb, and adjective are, I truly am the ultimate example of being thrown in the deep end. I'm ready for the challenge.

In more ways than one I'm testing the age-old argument: is a writer born or bred? Original sin or noble savage, let's see which category I lay in. The main issue with testing this theory is having the discipline to dedicate three hours a day for more than a year. That is no mean feat. And it will require sacrifice.

Onto the topic of writing. I wonder what a return of King Arthur would look like. He will return, but how would he respond? Who would listen to him? Would he be elevated back to king? While I've never been a fan of democracy in a pure sense, I feel as though republicanism is just as bad. The atrocities of today are incomparable with that of the past, but people turn their eye and cast the vote.