# October 19th

I'm in my office on Crouch Road,
Listening to "The Impressionists" collection (Satie, Debussy, etc.),
And it's around 9:47 PM:

I woke up without an alarm today, at 6:27 AM. As proud of myself as I am, Frances also decided to get up at 7:06 AM; I am in a constant struggle. Should I stick with staying up late or focus on wake up early? The trade-off is getting up early guarantees me the energy to focus whereas working at night grants me the space of time. I will continue to get up progressively earlier until it's socially unacceptable and then decide. I think 5:00 AM will be my limit.

Ever since waking up early, I am noticeably more tired around dinner time. As I type this, I am finding it difficult to stay animated.

When I had all the time in the world I did nothing with it, but children thrust the keys of life into your hand: if you don't make intentional choices, you'll be 50 years old and time will pass you in a moment. I look at the last three-and-a-half years of my life with kids and have felt as though Caroline and I have made so many decisions that it appears as life is as dense as it could be, so much is constantly happening.

Let's talk about the ideal schedule. On the whole, I need three hours of studying time per day during the week. The real question is whether or not studying for three-hour spans is the most productive way of making progress. Based on my experience so far it's not. Additionally, I'm currently studying for around an hour in the morning, but I'm going to push this to one-and-a-half-hours soon. 

For the time being, I think it makes sense to split time between two subjects (whatever they become) or two modes of studying (reading and application).

6:15  - Wake
6:30  - Study
8:00  - Study
9:00  - Kids
9:01  - Work
12:00 - Study
1:30  - Study
5:00  - Work
8:30  - Kids
10:00 - Caroline

I'll see what I can do about this tomorrow. I'm beginning to realise that making money is the not the most difficult thing to do in life.