# September 26th, 2023

I found a gem today: "Fragile" by Tatsuro Yamashita. God, I love City Pop. Part of me is happy that the Japanese have shunned streaming in favour of physical records because it means I can still find gold in this modern music desert. As far as Tatsuro Yamashita goes, it's amazing how one man can have such an extensive catalogue and so much of it be good.

On yesterday's note and the food blog... I'm still unsure. I can always prune down the upfront cost to focus on content, but I'm not convinced this is the path to success. Comments on Reddit seem to be dominated by a crowd hell-bent on squeezing money out of SEO whereas a minority seem to think "just writing good content" will result in followers. I still need to do further investigation before committing. 

When doing some Reddit-digging into peoples' experience with blogging, I found a guy who did the backend of his wife's blog and seemed to belong to the "build it and they will come", so I decided to check out the blog because he said it was a real success. Looking at the back story of the blog's "About" made me realise that I was reading a dead man's comments. Something about his  useful words never leaving Reddit and potentially being lost forever once Reddit caves in or decides to delete old comments en masse makes me sad. This man had kids. This man helped take his family to success and continue with it even after he was dead and gone. I don't want my voice forgotten. 

I have a new concern on the horizon: Deliveroo being bought out. I had a conversation with Alex Vernacchia today and we talked about the two options:

1. Deliveroo is purchased through a predatory hostile takeover.
2. Deliveroo is purchased by a competitor looking to take advantage of our strong brand.

If it happens, then I hope it's #2. I'm not prepared to interview and Caroline isn't either. Continuing our current lifestyle severely limits us to a certain strata of companies in the UK. I feel the weight of needing to support my family even more now that I face the risk of Caroline not finding a job with similar pay. While our conservative lifestyle has certainly helped, the weight of needing to succeed may push me back to the USA. I'm not sure I would be okay with being forced to live so close to London to find a job _if I must_. But if I must, then I will. 

I'm thinking about writing a small web app to support project notes. While Obsidian was useful, I've given up on it due to how slow it is. Also, my focus is really on being able to quickly switch between project notes. I may start it as a TUI to see if I use it in the long run. The goal would be able to quickly switch between certain project and categories, attach dates and important events to them, link people, and have a timeline view. I need to think on it, but overall a TUI could be done quite easily. 

Until tomorrow... 

God is watching.

Lukas