# September 27th, 2023

Around 3:00 PM:

Today has been rough at work. I took off early to breathe a little. I really do struggle with the constant escalations and salesmanship required to do a "good" job in my role, which is probably strongly related to it being a platform management position.

I do need to work on prioritisation at work and I believe a work journal is the answer. As I mentioned yesterday, Obsidian, etc. is not "easy" enough to support my needs. I think I'm going to create a tool even if I'm the only one to use it. I'll only work on it during work hours, but I'll report back here on the progress.

I had a long chat with Caroline today and the conversation helped me articulate my long-standing concerns around The Kids growing up: I want them to remain children for as long as possible and to gradually be introduced the adult world. I'll spruce the meaning up eventually, but for now it's the best I can do. Where we live, and what seems to be England in general, there is a very sexual culture for young kids. I see very young teenager girls with their butts and boobs hanging out. I blame this on social media, but I also blame it on the lack of parenting. Creating overly sexualised humans creates more consumers. If a girl is influenced to look "sexy" on social media, then she wants to buy things to look sexy. Boys will do the same thing, but in a manner to attract was is deemed as "cool" to attract this. Both of these specimens will grow up and continue this pattern. 

I understand that a parent's job is to not necessarily protect their children, but to help them navigate the world. The problem with this statement as that the former clause of "protecting their children" often results in parents being so afraid to parent for fear of becoming helicopters that they avoid doing what this first clause should be: helping their children avoid catastrophic risks by putting their children in environments where they won't necessarily have temptation thrown in their face. 

Sadly, this de-risking comes with very few options in the UK. You can either fork out £20,000 a year for private school or move to a potentially more socially sensible place (Northern Ireland?). You can also homeschool your kids, but that means Caroline would have to give up her career (or me?). We could also pursue a more common lifestyle, which is truly an option.

Caroline seems more open to moving further afield nowadays, but we've both agreed that staying within a hybrid working distance is a requirement. This coupled with the need for a larger home with more Kids on the way will likely mean moving North.

I feel a greater and greater pressure to be successful at work which means focusing on projects which will make me happy become more difficult. We'll have to make sacrifices somewhere. I'm just not sure where yet. 

All in all, the goal for the Kids is to have a magical childhood. Does that require a high-stress job? I'm starting to think it doesn't.

Around 11:04 PM:

I wonder what it would be like to dedicate oneself completely and utterly to a mountainous task for a fixed period of time. It'd be a SMART goal, but for the fixed purpose of seeing if it's achievable and what I could gain from the achievement. For instance, how close could I get to George Orwell? Marco Pierre White? It's an idea I'll ponder for the new year if Deliveroo doesn't look like it will be on fire.

P.S. I started working on the "work notes" app. I highly doubt it'll go anywhere, but at the very least I'll use it for myself. Webpacker is up and running. I'll aim to get Tailwind working tomorrow. I need to think about how the design will work because at the moment it's a complete idea with nothing concrete.
