# September 29th, 2023

Around 9:51 PM:

The Fun Fair is a hit here in Burnham. I enjoy seeing the town turn into a city for a week out of the year. Part of me wishes I could be "out there" alongside others. Not that I'm interested in hanging around 15 year old teenagers, but something about the hustle and bustle makes you want to venture out into the night and see what it's all about. 

Speaking of being around others, I've been watching a lot of Asmongold and a few of Dr. Disrespect's videos lately. The idea of streaming is so interesting to me. I feel as though the appeal of streamers, and in particular male streamers, is that many of them are normal, somewhat relatable, and for many in this day in age, they are the closest thing many will get to a friend. I think it would be fun to stream and I actually believe I could pull it off, however, the time and dedication is off-putting. Like blogging, the path to success for streaming is paved with many altars to consistency at all costs.

As a small update, I made a few sketches for what I'd like to see for Worknotes. After seeing how it could look, I wonder if the idea of doing it is more satisfying than the actual doing.

Caroline had her first flight lesson today. What a beautiful sight to see when your wife comes home beaming ear-to-ear with how excited she is to tell you just how much she enjoyed her time in the air. I wonder if she'll continue. I'm always going to be worried about her flying, and I'd avoid flying alone with her for a very long time, but if she loves it then I think she should pursue it. It _is_ cool.

I was thinking about the writing experience of Markdown. It's nice, but Ghostwriter is not the most pleasant thing to look at. I type my journal because of the speed, but I'd like to mimic the handwriting experience as much as possible... if that's possible.

It's worth mentioning that I started reading the Bible last week. I finally got around to ordering one. It's funny, one will buy £10 of utter rubbish from Tesco on a daily basis, but avoid buying a £25 Bible which will last them a lifetime—my priorities are clearly in order. The language of the NKJV is jaw-dropping. I'm not even 20 chapters through Genesis and I've passed through so many well-crafted verses that it's no wonder this version of the Bible will last forever. As I read through the Bible, one thing I've noticed is that some stories could be novels unto themselves. Maybe I'll take that as a writing challenge: write an entire novel based on a few chapters of the Bible. Some of the chapters are so... epic. I'm excited to continue reading it.