# September 30th, 2023

Around 10:59 PM:

Today is the Burnham Carnival. We took the girls out earlier in the day and enjoyed "999 races", Punch and Judy (very funny), and food and ice cream. Later on, we watched the float procession which to my surprise lasted over an hour and they were really good. My expectations for the floats we low, so I was pleasantly surprised to see how entertaining they were. For the Girls, Caroline purchased rather sophisticated glow sticks which spun at an incredible speed and resulted in several people being whacked. Frances said her favourite part of the day was, "seeing the princess"; many of the floats included crowned "princesses" from other town carnivals.

Lately, I've been thinking about what one could accomplish over a fixed period of severe dedication. To be successful in the undertaking, one would need explicit goals and a clear path to success, so some up front research would be necessary. If you assume that through dedication and sacrifice it's possible to spend three hours a day working on something for a year, then that would result in 1095 hours, or 137 work days, or 27 work weeks, or almost 6 months of work. Some part of me wants to do something like this in 2024, but the question would be, "what matters?". 

At first, I was thinking cooking. I'm quite passionate about cooking, but it does have it's drawbacks. For starters, one year of progression would require pushing myself everyday, reading about how to improve, and dwelling and writing on how to do so. Cleaning would be one of the biggest time sinks here and the risk of cleaning up two different types of meals does not appeal to me. The benefit of cooking is that any improvement would last me a lifetime. Cooking is something I do want to be good at, but I don't crave becoming the next Marco Pierre White.

My next thought was sailing. While I would consider sailing, it's physically impossible for me to dedicate the time unless it's almost entirely theory-based. When I look at other potential categories, there must always be some room for learning and self-critique outside of the action which is where this could work. The real question is how much learning and self-critique is required to grow as a percentage of doing. In my opinion, I would need to dedicate many more hours to sailing in order to realistically push myself.

Tomorrow I'll discuss my other two considerations: work and writing.